Oh, come on.
I know it's summer.
I know you've been at the beach all day, but you can do better than that.
Are you feeling good?
Turn to the person beside you and say, I'm feeling good.
Turn to the other one and say, your summer tan looks gorgeous.
If you're single, I'm trying to help you out.
Listen, I am so excited to have the opportunity to share with you this weekend.
I want to welcome all of our campuses.
It's not just us here at Cooper City, but we have so many campuses right on the other side of that camera.
We love you guys.
Let's give it up for our campuses.
We've got Halendale.
We've got Pensacola.
We have the Bahamas.
We have Lima and Barranco, and we're so excited.
that you guys have joined us at Potential Church at your location, and really believing that God is going to do some incredible things this weekend.
We've been in this series called Subscribe for the Past Several Weeks.
And we've really been talking about our ethos here at Potential Church.
And ethos is just a fancy word that means values.
And today I'm excited to have the opportunity to talk about the value of passion.
And you know, if I can be honest with you,
When I found out that I was going to be teaching on passion, I was actually really nervous.
Now, I always get nervous before I prepare to speak in front of an audience.
I think a little bit of nervous is a good thing.
It keeps you on high alert.
It keeps you on edge.
It gives you a sticky mind.
But I was particularly nervous about the topic of passion because I would say that passion is the number one thing that in 2017, the enemy has attempted to rob me of.
And if I'm being really honest with you today, you know what?
There are days, and there are even weeks at a time where the enemy has won that battle for my passion.
My passion for God and my passion for His church.
And so today, I don't come to preach at you or to condemn you, but to let you know we're all in this journey together.
But I really believe in the value of passion.
I believe in the power of passion.
And so I just want to share with you some of the revelations that God has dropped in my heart this year.
in recent months, even in recent weeks.
And the one thing I love about our God is that He is a restore of all the things that the enemy takes from us.
And even though the enemy may win some battles, we know that He's already lost the war according to the scripture.
And for some of us, maybe that's it.
We just lose a battle.
And instead of moving forward and learning from that failure or that defeat or that mistake,
We keep replaying the loss over and over again in our minds.
And so we become tired because it feels as if though we've been fighting hundreds of battles when in reality, we've just been fighting the same one over and over and over again for years.
And so today my prayer is that as we gather around the Word of God that He would speak to us.
And I love the passage in Jeremiah chapter 17.
If you got your Bibles, turn with me to Jeremiah chapter 17.
We're gonna read a few verses.
And you know, I'm gonna preach a little bit differently than normally.
I don't have like point one, two, three.
I really just wanna break down Jeremiah 17 verses five through eight.
And can I tell you, I read it actually, it popped up on my Bible app.
It was my verse for the day.
And when I read it, God instantly spoke to me.
And so I wanna share it with you.
Jeremiah chapter 17, we're gonna start in verse five, and I'm actually gonna read from
Not my iPad, but my physical Bible, because it makes me, it makes you more spiritual, right?
You know, the headline for this passage of scripture is wisdom from the Lord.
You know, I love that our God is the supplier of all wisdom.
When we don't know what to do in our situation, our God knows exactly what to do.
And the title, the title is wisdom from the Lord.
It says this, it says, this is what the Lord says.
Cursed are those who put their trust in mere humans, who rely on human strength and turn their hearts away from the Lord.
They are like stunted shrubs in the desert with no hope for the future.
They will live in the barren wilderness in an uninhabited, salty land.
But in verse seven, it says, but blessed, but blessed, but blessed.
are those who trust in the Lord and have made the Lord their hope and confidence.
Why don't you underline or circle that word made?
Those who trust in the Lord and have made the Lord their hope and confidence, they are like trees planted along a river bank with roots that reach deep into the water.
Such trees are not bothered by the heat or worried by long months of drought.
Their leaves stay green and they never stop
Producing fruit.
The title of my message today is simply this, stay green.
Will you bow your heads with me?
Father, I thank you so much for the opportunity to share my heart today, God.
And Father, I know that there are those who are sitting here today at every one of our campuses, God, and they feel dead on the inside.
that passion that they once had for that career or that startup business or that marriage or that friendship or that dream God, that that passion has dwindled away.
But God, I believe today that you want to restore all that the enemy has taken.
God, that you want to restore a double portion of what the enemy has taken.
So Father, we commit this moment to you.
Father, I pray that you would stir up a passion in us so that our leaves may stay green.
in full of life all year long.
And it's in Jesus' name that we pray.
Come on, if you believe that's a name above all names, why don't you just give God a shot of praise in this place.
Amen.
You know, if you don't know me, and those of you who do would probably say, I tend to be a pretty passionate person.
All right, I am passionate in almost everything that I do.
You know, my brother and I taught, y'all were here, we taught a few weeks ago.
Me and my younger brother, he's, I don't know, how old is he, 22?
How old am I, 25?
Yeah, he's 22.
And we have completely opposite personalities.
See, Carson, he's the chill one.
He's chill.
He's kind of the peacemaker.
He's the nice brother, I like to say.
When we were in school, he was always able to get out of stuff.
He would turn in assignments late.
He would forget to do his homework.
He really wasn't the best student.
But he would be able to get away with it, because all he had to do was give his smile to his teachers.
He had this way of charming.
Everybody around him, and listen, I'm sorry, but I do not have a charming personality.
All right, but you're stuck with me this weekend.
But we have complete different personalities.
I have more of an intense personality.
And my family actually likes to make fun of me for it.
My wife, she actually makes fun of me when I'm on the phone.
Because when I'm on the phone, when I'm talking to somebody, it is impossible for me to stay seated or to stay not moving.
Anybody else any pacers?
When you're on the phone, you just pace back and forth.
All right, yeah, that's me.
So there'll be, oftentimes, I'm at home and I'll take a phone call and I'll be speaking and I'll walk all around the house.
I mean, I will do laps.
I'll go upstairs.
I'll come downstairs.
I'll walk to the kitchen.
I'll walk to the living room.
I'll walk into every single bedroom.
And then I'll walk back to my wife after the phone call and I have sweat dripping down my brow.
And she's like, wow, the phone call went that bad.
I'm just intense.
You know, I can't stay seated.
I'm passionate.
I talk on the phone like, you know, with my hands.
Anybody else?
Any Latins out there?
Even when you're on the phone and nobody can see you.
You're talking with your hands.
And, you know, at times I've even been guilty, as I'm sure we all have, of letting my anger get the best of me and calling it passion.
You know, back many months ago, we, um,
We had service, it was a Saturday night, and we, the team missed a queue, an important queue in service, and I really wasn't pleased with the way the service had turned out.
So we did debrief afterwards, and I gathered everybody together, and we're figuring out what's going on, and I'm firm, but I'm calm.
All right, we've got to change this up for tomorrow.
This isn't acceptable.
What happened?
What can we improve on?
What can we learn from this?
And someone, I won't mention your names, but said something that just ticked me off.
You know what I'm talking about?
When you are trying so hard to hold on to your salvation.
And remember that you are saved and redeemed by the blood of Jesus, but then somebody says something so stupid.
And you're like, all right, Holy Spirit, all bets are off.
Yeah, that was me in that moment.
I started to talk a little bit louder.
Started to get a little bit more passionate.
And the team just kind of looks back at me while I go off on about a five-minute rant.
And at the very end, this is what I said.
I said, guys, I'm not angry.
I'm just passionate.
They still make fun of me to this day.
And actually, oh, man, you know what?
I forgot it.
If anybody's backstage, can you bring out the thing that I'm going to show to the congregation?
I can't believe I forgot it.
But I want to show you my most
Recent product of my passion.
I think my wife is running back there to get it now So we'll give us a few minutes, but I'm gonna show you it's actually my phone All right is the recent product of my passion and when you see this phone you'll see exactly why see it was Last week I got some troubling news and so I went to my wife We were alone.
It was just the two of us and I was talking to her about it and and
And I was sharing and, you know, we kind of got into a little bit of an argument.
She felt one way about it.
I felt a different way.
And then so she left the room.
Thank you so much.
She left the room.
And when she did, I kind of just chucked my phone and it slid across the table and hit a cabinet.
And this is what ended up happening.
Can we get a close up shot of that so that everybody can see?
Now I do have to confess,
Some of you have asked what happened and I gave you the Christian answer and said I dropped it while I was praying with someone.
But that's not the truth.
I lied.
I threw my phone and now I am paying the price.
And when my wife walked back into the room and she saw my phone, I said, babe, I wasn't angry.
I was passionate.
Now I'm sure Pastor Troy would never do anything like that, but you got stuck with me this weekend.
But you know what?
I truly am a strong believer in passion, real passion, true passion, not misplaced anger, but true passion that burns on the inside of us, whether it's for a specific cause or a specific dream that God's called us to.
I'm a believer that passion can take us places that our gift and our ability cannot
Because passion is contagious.
Passion is what stirs hearts.
Passion is what awakens the heart of the world.
And I believe it's impossible to live the life that God has called us to without passion.
You know, at potential church, it's one of our values.
And I put it there in the outline you received when you walked in, the definition.
This is how we define passion.
Now, it's actually a much longer definition.
I took the very last sentence.
Passion is an energetic and unyielding pursuit of the mission.
And you know, I love that word pursuit.
See, pursuit suggests that possessing passion, maybe for somebody in the house, restoring the passion that she once had requires a strategy.
Passion has a strategy.
And you know,
If I can be honest once again with you, you know, I mentioned at the beginning my message that this has been kind of a journey that I've walked through this year in fighting to hold on to my passion.
And in recent weeks, it was actually a Saturday and it was before service.
And something in my heart just didn't feel right.
I felt discouraged.
I felt frustrated.
I felt lonely.
I felt like there was no one that I could speak to or talk to.
And so I was trying to stay busy.
How many of you, you're like, when something's going on, you just need to stay busy.
Because the minute that you stop to think about things, it's like you're just gonna have an emotional breakdown, right?
That was me.
on that particular Saturday, and so I'm trying to stay busy, and I'm trying to just, you know, God is good, I know that God is good, and even though I'm frustrated, and even, you know, some things are going on personally in my life, I believe that God is good, I can get through this, and so I'm trying to stay busy, and I ended up walking upstairs, and when I did, I ran into my friend, he's actually on staff here at the church, some of you may know him, Danny Trippy.
I ran into him, and if you know Danny, he is,
the definition of passion and encouragement.
And I ran into him and he asked me how I was doing and I gave the typical answer, oh, I'm great.
Right?
Because sometimes we can get really good at giving people the responses we think they want to hear.
I'm great.
Everything's fine.
And he came and he got in my face and he said, no, Tyler, how are you really?
And I think he could tell in my face, my eyes just began to, to welter up with tears.
And he took a moment to stop to encourage me to speak life over me, to pray for me.
And after he did that, can I tell you, I couldn't continue on being busy.
I, I went to my office and I just began to have a moment with God.
I, I began to cry and, you know, sometimes we dull our passion by trying to avoid our emotions.
Some of us, we spend years staying busy.
Moving on to the next task, just trying to get through the day, avoiding our emotions.
And what that does is it dulls the passion that is on the inside of us.
And my prayer today is that same moment I had on that Saturday that you would have that moment right here right now, that this would be a moment where you can pause, where you can eliminate the distractions from your mind and have a pause of true reflection.
Because I believe that God wants to stir up your passion again today.
And you know, I love Jeremiah 17, verse five, that very first verse.
When it says, cursed are those who put their trust in mere humans and rely on human strength.
And then the very next sentence says, and turn their hearts away from the Lord.
See, I think scripture points out something very specific in this passage.
It says that, cursed are those who rely on human strength.
And then the very next
portion of that sentence is and turn their hearts away from God.
So it leads me to believe that there is a correlation between relying on our own strength and turning our hearts away from God.
See, I don't know about you, but it's when I put my trust in my own strength that I get tired.
Right?
I get tired when I try and manufacture that dream or that vision or that project in my own timing.
I get tired.
When I am fighting the same battles over and over and over again, I get tired when I try and come up with the solution to every single problem.
We get tired.
We get tired when we rely on our strength rather than the strength of Almighty God.
I get tired when I try and take the problem into my own hands.
I get tired when sometimes I don't like God's response to the problem.
And I think that I know better and I try and work it out.
And it's not that we want to turn our hearts away from God.
It's just that it's all so tempting to control the outcome of a situation.
But see, that's why we're able to come to church and we're able to worship and lift our hands and we're able to smile.
And when people ask us how we're doing, oh, I am blessed.
I am blessed, God is so good, and we may be even reading our Bible every single day, but we can still have a heart that is turned away from God, because rather than relying on His strength, we're relying on our own.
And it happens to every single one of us.
And you know, it's not that we lose sight of the mission.
We just lose the energy that is required to live in pursuit of the mission.
I wrote it there in your outline like this.
We rarely lose sight of the object of our passion, but rather we lose the energy required to live in pursuit of our passion.
We just get tired of fighting the battles.
And how many of you know sometimes it seems like just when you made it through one battle, barely making it out alive, the next battle is right around the corner?
Can I tell you, when I've walked through those seasons where I have
Seriously wondered if God has called me to ministry because I would come to church and I just didn't feel passionate.
I didn't feel like praying with people.
I needed somebody to pray with me.
Can I tell you, wasn't that I didn't care about people?
It wasn't that I lost sight of the mission.
No, the mission is very clear at potential church.
It is to partner with people to reach their God potential so that together we can impact our world for good.
I never lost sight of the mission.
I just lost the energy required.
to go from battle to battle to battle to battle.
Sometimes it just seems like the distance between the battles is too short.
And we get tired because we rely on our strength and our wisdom rather than the strength of our God.
But you know, I love what verse seven says.
It says, but blessed is the man who trusts in the Lord and has made the Lord his hope and confidence.
God will be in your life what you make of him.
You know, back many years ago, when I was in youth ministry, I was in middle school at the time.
I think seventh grade.
And we had an event that we were doing in the youth ministry.
And it was called maze craze.
All right?
And what this event was, and I will say we've come up with, I think, much more creative ideas these days in our youth ministry, but what this event was is there were cardboard boxes that were connected to make a maze.
And the goal was, you know, you would come in and you would get down on your knees.
You would crawl into the first box.
And then this box would be a maze.
You would have to try and figure your way out your way out.
The last box was on the other side of the room.
Now, I don't know if you spent much time in cardboard boxes lately, but they tend to be dark and small.
And, you know, I have a little bit of claustrophobia.
Anybody else, claustrophobia, it's a real, and I get it from my mom.
I could tell you some really funny stories about that, but that's for a different sermon.
So I was a little bit nervous, but you know, I'm not gonna be the kid.
That's like, oh no, I don't wanna do it, you know, and get laughed at.
So I get on all my knees and I crawl into this cardboard box, and to be honest with you, I had my eyes closed for about the first minute and a half, as I'm just moving through.
I'm like, okay, if I can't,
If I can't see how enclosed I am, then I'm not going to freak out.
And everything's good until all of a sudden I hit the person in front of me.
And when I open my eyes, I am in this small little tunnel and it is filled with kids as far as my eye can see.
And all of a sudden I start to feel some panic rise up in me.
I'm like, I'm never going to get out of this box.
You know, that's how you feel.
I'm like, I'm never getting out of this cardboard box.
And there were little corners and I would like put my mouth up to it.
Trying to suck in the air from the outside world.
I felt trapped.
And these kids weren't really, we were trying to figure our way out of the maze.
So nobody was really moving very quickly.
And it started getting loud and I could hear the chatter and all of a sudden I start sweating.
And now by this time I am freaking out.
And so what I did is I literally found one of the little
openings that have been taped shut and I busted through the top of the maze and I climbed out and I was like, oh, I'm done with that.
I'm not doing that again.
But can I tell you some of us we do that in our relationship with God?
We put him in a box and see if all God ever is to us is this supreme being who is mysterious and unrelatable and impersonal.
then that's all he'll ever be in our lives.
God will be what you make of him in your life.
It's all about the lens and perspective through which we see God.
But can I tell you, when you make God your joy, when you make God your strength, when you make God your peace, when you make Him your defender, when you make Him your vindicator, when you make Him your portion, when you make Him your hope, your confidence, your refuge in times of trouble, that is exactly who He will become in your life.
God will be who we make Him to be.
You say, you know what?
I'm confused.
I don't know what to do in my situation.
I don't know what path to take.
God says in Proverbs 3 that I will direct your steps.
You say, you know what?
I feel all alone today.
I feel like there is not one person in my life that I can trust.
I feel like everyone is out to get me.
And every time I let someone in, they end up hurting me.
God says in Deuteronomy 31, that I will never leave you, that I will never abandon you, but I will be with you everywhere you go.
Even when you lock alone, I will be there with you.
You say, you know what?
I'm afraid to take that next step into the unknown.
And I can't sleep at night because I am so consumed by fear and anxiety.
God tells us in 2 Timothy that he has not given us a spirit of fear, but he's given us a spirit of power.
when we feel like we can't face not one more battle that everything on the inside is dead.
We have no passion.
We have no more expectation.
God tells us in 2 Corinthians, no, my grace is sufficient for you that you can boast in your weakness because the power of Christ rests on you.
You may be in a season of unrest with the power of Christ.
Rest on you.
God will be.
exactly what you need, when you need Him to be it.
But who is God to you?
What have you made Him in your life?
Have you made Him a priority?
Have you made Him your peace?
Have you made Him your strength?
Are you still trying to make it all happen in your own time?
And can I tell you, when we rely on our own strength, that will dull our passion so quickly?
Because we lose the strength that we need to move from battle to battle.
And can I tell you?
that in this season of my life, I've had to learn to make God my strength for the passion that I know is deep down, but just can't seem to make its way towards the surface.
You know, sometimes passion doesn't look like we think it does.
Sometimes it's not always this extroverted outward expression.
Can I tell you, sometimes passion looks like showing up.
It just looks like continuing to show up
And I remember when I was wrestling, God just whispered this in my ear.
He said, you know what, Tyler?
There are gonna be seasons where you do not see the fruits of your labor.
You're gonna work hard.
You're gonna work day and night.
You're gonna face some battles, but you will not see the fruit of your labor, but you will always see the fruit of your character.
See, your character and your integrity, that's what showing up is.
It's showing up to that job that you just no longer feel passionate about.
You're just there for the paycheck.
Oh, you once were passionate.
You thought you were going to help people, but somewhere along the way, the enemy has dulled that passion.
It's continuing to show up and not showing up lazily, but putting your best effort forward.
Sometimes it's showing up in your marriage.
It's being present.
It's being engaged.
It's not having all the right answers.
It's not getting everything right all the time.
Sometimes passion is simply just continuing to show up.
And can I tell you what I have learned?
If we continue to show up, even when we don't feel like it, eventually God will show out.
And he will bless that career.
He will bless that marriage.
He will bless that dream.
But we gotta keep showing up.
So who is God to you?
What have you made him in your life?
Are you connected?
to the source.
You see, it's important that we stay connected to the source as we see in the next verse in Jeremiah 17, the first part of verse 8.
It says that he who makes the Lord their hope and confidence says he is like a tree planted along a river bank with its roots reaching deep into the water.
A tree not bothered by the heat nor worried.
by long months of droughts.
See, I love the picture that Jeremiah paints in this scripture.
He compares someone who makes the Lord their hope and their confidence to a tree that is planted along a riverbank.
And see, when that tree is planted along the riverbank, there may be no rain for months.
There may be scorching heat, but the tree doesn't get destroyed because it's connected
to the source.
It's along the riverbank where its roots reach deep into the water.
So it has a constant source that never one runs dry.
And you see, when we make God our strength, when we allow Him to supply the energy that we need to live in pursuit of our passion, when we make Him our source, when we remain connected to the source.
And listen, I'm not talking about pretend Christianity.
I'm not talking about
coming to church when it serves you best.
I'm not talking about serving God when it's convenient for you, but I'm talking about being connected to the source.
When we are connected to the source, then you know what?
Even when we don't see the blessing come to pass, we can still live in pursuit of our passion because it's not the blessing that's our source.
It's the giver of the blessing who is our source.
You know, Pastor Matt,
Said so brilliantly last weekend when he spoke on loyalty that sometimes loyalty will cost you more than it blesses you and can I tell you that sometimes staying connected to God will cost you more than it blesses you in the moment?
But can I tell you when we remain faithful when we keep showing up when we rely on God to be our strength to get us through those Those moments where it feels like everything on the inside of us is dead when we don't quit when we don't give up Can I tell you we're just like that tree that's planted along the riverbank?
And we may see no blessing poured down upon us in that moment, but we can rest assured that our God is working behind the scenes in the supernatural.
We may see nothing taking place in the natural, but when we continue to show up
to that job, when we continue to be present and engaged in that marriage, even though it's lost all of its spark, when we continue to chase after that dream, because of the conviction that God has placed in our hearts, we can rest assured that God's working in the supernatural, and God in the supernatural is not confined by limitations here on earth.
He's not confined by time or capacity.
And there is nothing.
stopping him from intervening in that situation, and reigniting that passion.
And there's nothing stopping you from moving forward.
And when that happens, we can do exactly what the second part of verse eight says, says that the tree that's planted along the riverbank, because it's connected to a source, it's leaves stay green.
and it goes right on producing all its luscious fruit, even though the heat is scorching, even though there's a drought, the tree that's planted along the riverbank goes right on producing all of its luscious fruit.
You know, in the midst of frustration and challenge and fatigue, all the things that kill our passion, you and I are called and equipped to keep going and to keep producing.
That's what being connected to the source will do.
We're not dependent on the blessing, we're dependent on the blesser.
You can keep going and you can keep producing fruit.
See, we're called and we're equipped to be people that not only produce fruit in easy seasons, but we're called to produce fruit in every season.
When the rest of the world is not producing fruit, we are called and positioned and equipped to produce fruit.
When the rest of the world runs from the problem, we are called to run to the problem.
When the rest of the world is abandoning, we are called to remain steadfast and loyal to keep going and to keep producing.
You know, I don't know what the enemy has stolen from you.
I don't know what's killed your passion.
I can speak from my experience.
It's at the distance between the battles seem too short.
And maybe that's you today.
You just feel like once you face one battle and once you conquer that one battle, it takes everything in you.
And here's the next battle and the one after that and the one after that and the one after that.
But can I just suggest to us today that maybe today is the day that we stop feeding our battle and start feeding the power of our God.
You know, there's a story in Joshua chapter six, and this is where I'm going to end us today.
Joshua chapter six, the people of Israel, God's chosen people.
Joshua was called to lead them into the promised land.
But see, the only problem with this land that God said that he had already delivered to them, it had their name on it.
The problem was that there was a big wall surrounding the city as the wall of Jericho.
See, God had already said, this is the land I am giving to you, but the problem is, is there were people living in that land, that there was a wall standing between the Israelites and the promise of God.
And so God instructed Joshua, he said, listen, this is what I want you to do.
I want you to rally up the priests and give them the ram's horns.
And all of the Israelites, you are going to walk around that wall once a day for six days, blowing those ram's horns.
And he says, I don't want you to shout.
I don't want you to get too hype.
I don't want you to do any of that.
To remain still, remain quiet.
Joshua actually told the people he's like, listen, when we do this thing, shut up.
Don't even say a word.
Because I don't want somebody talking us out of our blessing.
And then they were instructed that on the seventh day, they were to walk around that wall of Jericho seven times.
And on that seventh time, on the completion of that seventh lap, the Rams horns were to sound.
And the people of Israel were instructed to shout.
with everything they add in them.
And God said that wall will come down.
And you'll be able to go in and take the city.
And so Joshua instructed the people of Israel and for six days, once a day, they made that lap around Jericho.
And can I tell you, you know, when I look at Scripture, I'm always like reading between the lines and I'm thinking, these are people just like you and me.
I mean, imagine if all of us here in this room, different personalities, different backgrounds, maybe some different belief systems,
were to spend every day in close unison together, walking around a wall.
I mean, I just think about some of the things that must have happened.
You have to know that they got tired, that they got fatigued, they were hot, they were sweaty, they were smelly.
There was probably that young couple somewhere in the middle, and they're walking, holding hands, saying they love one another.
But then there's that family right behind them with the screaming and crying kids, ruining the moments.
You gotta know that the person who was probably in charge of bringing the snacks, one of those days he didn't quite pack enough.
People are hangry, you know what hangry is?
You had to know that there was that one girl who saw her boyfriend marching a little too closely to that girl who had been flirting with him.
I'm sure there were some disagreements that broke out.
But the word tells us that when the time came on that seventh lap,
when they stood there and those horns sounded that the Israelites lifted up a battle cry.
They lifted up a shout with everything that was inside of them.
And it wasn't a shout of defeat.
It wasn't a shout of tiredness.
It wasn't a shout of fear.
It was a shout of victory.
And just as God had promised those walls came tumbling down and the Israelites went in and took the city.
and they received the promise that God had made to them.
You know, here in a moment I'm actually gonna invite the worship team to come out and join me and we're gonna stand to our feet in just a moment, we're gonna worship.
And you know what, we don't worship because God
needs to hear how great He is.
God knows who He is.
God knows how great He is.
The Word tells us that everything in creation brings glory to God.
The sun, when it rises, brings Him glory.
The sun, when it sets, brings Him glory.
The waves, that turn bring glory to Him.
We don't worship and praise because God needs it.
We worship and praise because the devil needs to hear our praise.
Because can I tell you, there's something that happens when the devil hears you claim your victory.
There's something that happens when you lift up your battle cry.
That is specific to your season, your situation, your pain.
And so here in just a moment, we're gonna worship and we're gonna sing out together when we do.
I want to think about the battle cry that you're lifting up.
That passion that has been dead on the inside of you.
I believe God wants to stir it up in this moment.
Those dreams that you've put to rest because you're tired of being disappointed.
God wants to stir them back up again.
That marriage that you have given up on
You're just roommates.
You're just living together.
You're just doing life.
You're just staying together for the kids.
God wants to stir up that passion once again.
So with every head, bow, and every eye closed, I'm going to pray for us.
And if that's you today and you say, you know what?
I want to lift up my battle cry and it's going to be a battle cry of victory.
that passion that is laid dormant in your heart in this moment listen I believe that when we stand to our feet and you release that passion that is laid dormant in your heart and you begin to stir up your faith and you begin to stir up those dreams as we sing out God you are good
I know my situation may not look good, but God, I know that you are good.
God, I know my marriage doesn't look good.
It's falling apart, but God, I believe that you are good.
God, I know my ministry does not look good, but God, I believe you are good.
Father, we come to you in this moment.
Father, I pray for every heart and every soul.
Those who have put their passion aside.
Those who have laid their dreams to rest, God.
I pray right now in this moment that you will begin to stir something up on the inside of us, God, so that when we stand to our feet, God, that we jump up in expectation, ready to worship, ready to praise, believing that you have won the war, God, the enemy may have won some battles, but you have won the war.
So right now, we commit this moment to you, God.
We thank you.
We bless you, Father.
We believe that you are our peace, God, where there is no peace, God.
We believe that you are our strength.
to give us that energy that we need to keep moving from battle to battle to battle to battle we believe that you are love we believe that you are our joy we believe that you are our defender we believe that you are our justice and it's in Jesus name that we pray come on stand up to your feet lift your hands